Hey, look why they're here again
Mr. Ye, please believe me.
I really didn't betray you.
What do you believe?
Believe you, I am the hero who helps the country
There are no thousands.
Four years ago.
You have accidentally disappeared from a global competition
But no one thought of tranquility amnesia
Working hard again?
Are you guys here to film?
Hurry up hurry up
I have a big family to support you and support your family
Qian Shao you
You are the belief of all of us in Great Xia
Shouldn't do the drudgery of moving bricks
Please come back with us
We will definitely find a way to cure you.
If you don't leave, don't blame me for being rude.
Go go go go
I hope you'll think about it.
Hurry up and help
Let my lord do it
Let the adults go first
I will definitely come back again.
Is it less money?
adult
How could it be a coolie like me?
After washing the bricks
Can collect
Money for my daughter-in-law to buy a ring he likes
It's his birthday today.
Finish moving the bricks early and go back to prepare a surprise for him
Miss, where is the news of the suspect?
Ningcheng was beaten to Ningcheng
It's all chickens. I like it
Two months of blood and sweat didn't dry in vain